hi guys door opening it's mine opponent
wave 12 board bag and easy
I'll Twilight and movement are on the
back side you can see outages and ponies
this week what's in these bags so let's
check it open hola mami oh no no you
can't do the scissors when you get older
you go to the scissors okay oh okay so
you actually get it hard I show you all
the different ponies and clarity okay
very cute
so everybody is late and I mean this car
is like the whitest purple disease and
death is purple oh I'm gonna start
shooting mortal coil um it diamonds
hold on music assignment nice alright
your video you end it end it like you're
freak like you're playing over how you
do your legs okay guys that's all for
the video that's it for the video thank
you for watching
ah you're gonna wreck the car hold it
hurry up the battery's dying you're
gonna do it oh my got it in the video
under Sam it's like it's like a movie
from death and then we're gonna stab you
like everywhere all things are more
valuable and funds up 32 and beyond this
way what dick wait a second hold on how
did I end up in the front I don't want
to be in the front
hey Pinkie Pie what uh do you want to go
in the front cuz this is a really scary
I don't want to be in the front
you Sh okay let's switch
whoa that was so much fun
oh my gosh we gotta go again pinky where
are you pinky